`  “ ______Don’t spill your candy in the lobby” 
This is____ with AllState. 
   1. Hello, Name I have a quote available for you, I just need to verify some information.; ?
 
“Push Phrase”
That’s why we are calling! Listen, all I want is an opportunity to do a quote for you. There is no obligation. I do all the work & if I can get you a better deal, great! If not, you never have to talk to me again. “Ask Applicant Questions”




1. Applicant Questions 


1. Is your address still?Do you own this property? Or What is the correct address?  How long have you been there?
2. I show the Vehicle, Year, make, and model.
3. Great, what is the correct year, make and model? 
4. Applicant name … any other drivers over 16 that would be on the quote? 
5. What are your current Deductibles?
500 or 1000 deductible?
If they don’t know select 600/250 deductible. 
6. Any tickets or accidents in the past 60 months? “Pain”
7. When was the last time the roof replaced on that home?


“Do Not Sell in the Process”


Essential questions during FORM
1. Do you pay every six months or do you pay every month? Great! About how much do you pay every month?
2. What company does the Home insurance policy? Is it escrowed through a mortgage company?
FORM & Building out quote in advisor pro
Upfront Contract, BEFORE you give your price. This allows time and conversation.
1. If I got you a better deal, would you be interested in switching your insurance, today? 
Closing:
“All quotes are emailed, Confirm all issues are solved..”
1. Do you have any questions?
2. Do you know how the cancellation process works? 
3. Do you know how the refund process works?
4. Routing and account number or credit card ? 




Example: 
   1. If you’re interested, you sign a paper and we will take care of everything.( or a 3 way call, if they have a call center company)
   2. Your refund works like this, Example: If you pay $30 a month. That’s $1 a day. If you cancel after 1 day they send you $29, within 15 days, by law. 
   3. It’s simple, you make the first payment of $? And we take care of everything. 




“Ready” -  I can get that started with a card or account information. What would you like to use to make the first payment? 
“Take the payment and close the deal”
1. What is the Routing number?
2. What is the Account number?
“Not Ready” - How can I earn your business? “Let them respond”
1. Do you have a pen? Write this down. 
   1. My name is 
   2. My number is We are saving you $ a year, write that down. 
      1. Save that information. You must need it.  
2. When can you make the first payment?


“Push Phrase”
1. (More Expensive but Pain)- Can I point out that you’re going to be concerned with price only one time, that’s when you buy. But you’re going to be concerned about quality during the entire time you are with “Competitive Company” (Wait) “Ready”
2. (More Expensive but Pain) -Wouldn’t you agree it’s better to invest a little more than you planned, instead of a little less than you should? “Ready”
3. (More Expensive but Pain)- What is the biggest mistakes people make when buying insurance? Price
4. (Anybody)- "When you hear the word Insurance, what one word comes to mind?" [Response] "Allstate, of course, you’re in good hands."
Allstate of course, you’re in good hands. “Ready Close”